It's locked.
I feel like Lam Cam at the captain's office at night is more familiar than the lady.
Yeah, how did he know the password?
One is that you can find a place.
It's just a coincidence.
You forget the last time he was in the captain's office at night.
Maybe he turned it around then.
I don't know how to open this drawer.
I don't even know the password of the devil.
How did he know?
Looks like he really missed it.
What are you doing?
A captain on a flying mission can't bother me to call and ask the old man.
Lin Cam, you have to pretend to force to see if the object is good.
There's a lady here who uses you to call this number.
OK, so you call.
The old man blackened me a few years ago.
How can I call him?